[Workers doc]: update adding domain section (#4850)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/get-started/guide.md

> Wrangler’s environments feature allows you to deploy the same project to multiple places under multiple names. For a complete guide on how to configure environments, refer to the [environments page](/workers/platform/environments/).

Author: Yea I think will make more sense as an Aside. In the longer rewrite, this will be reviewed as well.

> To add a `production` environment, pass in a `route` and specify the environment:

Author: Right, because with Wrangler zone_id is Deprecated since we can deduce this from routes directly.

# The route pattern your Workers application will be served at
route = "example.com/*"

[env.production]
name = "my-worker"
routes = [
  "example.com/foo/*",
]

# This will deploy your Worker to staging 

> [env.staging]

Author: No, you are good! Maybe we can take away the zone_id bit and then add the details of `environments` as an aside. In the major rewrite, it can be addressed better but for now, we can do this.

~/my-worker $ wrangler publish
```

{{<Aside type="note" header="Note">}}

> When pushing to your `*.workers.dev` subdomain for the first time, you may initially see [`523` errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/115003011431#523error) while DNS is propagating. It should work without any errors after a minute or so.

Author: I am not sure, I think Custom domains removing the need to do this is a fix.

> After deploying your Worker, you may want to publish your application on a zone you own, and not a `*.workers.dev` subdomain. You can do this by adding a [Custom Domain](/workers/platform/routing/custom-domains) to your Worker, in the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can publish your Worker to a zone you own instead of a `*.workers.dev` subdomain by adding a [Custom Domain](/workers/platform/routing/custom-domains). To add a custom domain:
```

1.  [**Log in** to your Cloudflare account](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login)
2.  On the dashboard select Workers, this will show you all Workers deployed to your zone. 

> 3.  Select your deployed Worker >  **Triggers** > **Custom Domains** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Select your Worker >  **Triggers** > **Custom Domains** 
```

4.  Next, input your zone URL. This will automatically create a new DNS record for your zone

> 5.  Click **Add Custom Domain**. Your Worker will now be reachable with your new URL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Click **Add Custom Domain**.
```
